ROUND 3: AWS CCP Red-light Greenlight Game
Rules
	•	Select a token and write your name in it

	•	Place it in the pink starting block

	•	The host will reveal a hidden question and the possible answers

	•	Place your token in box labelled Test 1 - inside one of the boxes labelled A,B,C,D - based on your answer

	•	If you have selected the correct answer you may then repeat the process in the next round.

	•	If you have selected the wrong answer then the evil doll has noticed you moving and eliminated you from the game. All players can proceed to the next round in the testing phase (1st 3 questions) and are not eliminated until the box labelled Q1 is reached

	•	Your goal is to get as close to the evil doll (she's on the right) as possible

Link to Miro
https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVP5wVdTI=/
Questions & Answers

Test 1
Which of the following tools can be used to check service limits for resources launched within AWS Cloud Infrastructure? 
A. AWS Config B. AWS Trusted Advisor C. Amazon CloudWatch
D. AWS CloudTrail 


Test 2
Which of the following accurately describes a typical use case in which the AWS CodePipeline service can be utilized? 
A. To compose code in an integrated development environment that enables developers to run, test and debug components of a dynamic microservice. 
B. To compile and deploy a microservice onto Amazon EC2 instances or AWS Lambda functions. 
C. To securely share code, collaborate on source code, version control and store binaries on an AWS fully-managed platform that scales seamlessly. 
D. To orchestrate and automate the various phases involved in the release of application updates in-line with a predefined release model. 

Test 3
Your organization has planned to decommission its data centers. You have a task to migrate hundreds 
of TB of archived data and 22 TB of active data to S3 and EFS, as per the designed solution. Which of the below services will be best suited for this task? 
A. AWS Data Sync B. AWS Direct Connect C. AWS Data Pipeline 
D. AWS Migration Hub 


1 Domain: Cloud Concepts Which of the following services helps to achieve the computing elasticity in AWS? 
A. AWS RDS B. VPC Endpoint C. AWS EC2 Auto Scaling Group 
D. Amazon S3 

2) Domain: Technology There is a requirement to store objects. The objects must be downloadable via a URL. Which storage option would you choose? 
A. Amazon S3 B. Amazon Glacier C. Amazon Storage Gateway 
D. Amazon EBS 

3 Domain: Security Which of the following is an optional Security layer attached to a subnet within a VPC for controlling traffic in & out of the VPC? 
A. VPC Flow Logs B. Web Application Firewall 
C. Security Group D. Network ACL 

4) Domain: Security During an organization’s information systems audit, the administrator is requested to provide a dossier 
of security and compliance reports and online service agreements between the organization and AWS. Which service can they utilize to acquire this information? 
A. AWS Artifact 
B. AWS Resource Center 
C. AWS Service Catalog D. 
AWS Directory Service 
5) Domain: Billing and Pricing Your company is planning to move to the AWS Cloud. You need to give a presentation on the cost perspective when moving existing resources to the AWS Cloud. Considering Amazon EC2, which of the following is an advantage from the cost perspective? 
A. Having the ability of automated backups of the EC2 instance, so that you don’t need to worry about the maintenance costs. 
B. The ability to choose low cost AMI’s to prepare the EC2 Instances. 
C. The ability to only pay for what you use.  D. Ability to tag instances to reduce the overall cost. 

6 Domain: Security Which of the following is the responsibility of the customer to ensure the availability and backup of the EBS volumes? 
A. Delete the data and create a new EBS volume. 
B. Create EBS snapshots. C. Attach new volumes to EC2 Instances. D. Create copies of EBS Volumes. 

7) Domain: Technology 
A file-sharing service uses Amazon S3 to store files uploaded by users. Files are accessed with random frequency. Popular ones are downloaded every day whilst others not so often and some rarely. What is the most cost-effective Amazon S3 object storage class to implement? 
A. Amazon S3 Standard B. Amazon S3 Glacier C. Amazon S3 One Zone-Infrequently Accessed 
D. Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering 

8) Domain: Technology 
Project team enhancing the security features of a banking application, requires implementing a threat detection service that continuously monitors malicious activities and unauthorized behaviors to protect AWS accounts, workloads, and data stored in Amazon S3. Which AWS services should the project team select? 
A. AWS Shield B. AWS Firewall Manager 
C. Amazon GuardDuty 
D. Amazon Inspector 

9) Domain: Technology An administrator is running a large deployment of AWS resources that are spread across several AWS 
Regions. They would like to keep track of configuration changes on all the resources and maintain a configuration inventory. What is the best service they can use? 
A. AWS CloudFormation 
B. Stacks and Templates 
C. AWS Backup D. AWS Config 

10) Domain: Technology Whilst working on a collaborative project, an administrator would like to record the initial configuration and several authorized changes that engineers make to the route table of a VPC. What is the best method to achieve this? 
A. Use of AWS Config
B. Use of VPC Flow Logs 
C. Use of AWS CloudTrail 
D. Use of an AWS Lambda function that is triggered to save a log file to an S3 bucket each time configuration changes are made. 




